story03 (#4)
alem-platform/bootcamp-js: story03/slice-array/README.md

# Slice Array

### Instructions:

> Write a function called `sliceArray` that divide the original array into sub-arrays, each having a length equal to the provided size.
> If the array cannot be split evenly, the last sub-array should contain the remaining elements.
> 
> - The function should always return an array of arrays.
> - Each sub-array should have the specified length (except the last, which may have fewer elements if the original array doesn't divide evenly).
> - Parameters:
>   1. array: An array of any values (strings, numbers, objects, etc.).
>   2. size: An integer that specifies the number of elements each sub-array should contain.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Write a function called `sliceArray` that divides the original array into sub-arrays, each having a length equal to the provided size.
If the array cannot be split evenly, the last sub-array should contain the remaining elements.

### Expected Function: 
```
```
```

что если size < 0?

Author: Студент должен проверять такой кейс, size должен быть >0 (но до этого мне кажется они сами должны догадаться, странно будет прям все расписывать)

# Slice Array

### Instructions:

Write a function called `sliceArray` that divides the original array into sub-arrays, each having a length equal to the provided size.
If the array cannot be split evenly, the last sub-array should contain the remaining elements.

> in case of invalid input values, function should return initial array

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In case of invalid input values, function should return initial array
```
